add docs and values sample file for fluent-bit (#696)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/docs_ubuntu_22.04.md

[Installing Coturn](coturn.md)

## Installing fluent-bit

To collect and distribute logs to database or log servers such as Elasticsearch, syslog, etc.
Copy `values/fluent-bit/prod-values.example.yaml` to `values/fluent-bit/values.yaml` and edit the file accordingly. Sample values for Elasticsearch and syslog are provided in the file.

```
cp values/fluent-bit/prod-values.example.yaml values/fluent-bit/values.yaml
```

and, install the fluent-bit helm chart

```
d helm upgrade --install fluent-bit ./charts/fluent-bit --values values/fluent-bit/values.yaml
```

> Make sure that outgoing traffic is allowed to your destination server from the host machine.

Reviewer: can you add a protocol/port number here?

> Make sure that outgoing traffic is allowed to your destination server from the host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that traffic is allowed from your kubernetes nodes to your destination server (elasticsearch or syslog).
```
